default role docs (#2729)
quiltdata/quilt: docs/Catalog/Admin.md

![](../imgs/admin-users-roles-create-managed.png)

> You may select the default role which will be assigned to all new users.
> Currently selected default role is displayed in bold with a `*` suffix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must select the default role for all new users, else they will
not be able to sign in to the Quilt catalog.
The default role is shown in bold.
```
